So let's continue our work.
We have our sign up functionality.
Now let's also make sure our users can log in.
Of course keep in mind that at the moment we have no real log in if we check the back end code here
in log in in the end what we do have is just a dummy logging where we check whether that user exists
and whether that password equals to one the database.
But all we send back is just a message which of course is not really anything that would help us logging
a user in for real.
Because besides this message we're not doing anything that would ensure that we differentiate between
logged in users and not locked in users will worry about a real authentication flow later in the course.
For now let's make sure we can at least trigger this dummy round here.
So on the front and code when we are in logging mode I basically want to replicate this functionality
which means we can actually move set is loading out of the F block and always set this no matter which
branch we trigger and then we can wrap this try catch block here and move that into is logging mode
as well so into this first if branch we could all wrap the entire if statement with try catch if we
wanted to.
I will separate it here so that we can differentiate the two different pieces more clearly.
So now we're sending this request and of course now we're sending tests to slash log in here not to
slash sign up.
This is important because slash logging is the route we have here on the back end slash log in.
So this is the request.
It's still a POST request it still contains Jason data and it still contains some attached data.
However no longer a name.
Instead just email and password because what we're a log in mode we only have these two pieces of data.
Then we passed a response.
We check whether we have a 400 or 500 ish error code and otherwise we continue.
Actually we don't need to log the response data anymore.
We certainly do want to lock the user here in here.
If we succeeded though otherwise we showed the error.
I can also remove this console log here by the way.
So generally this looks good.
If we now.
Let's give it a try.
Let's go to authenticate and try logging in with a valid user.
So this is the correct email I used before and my correct password difficulty log in it spins and does
looks good.
Now if we go back here I'll try invalid password now and it spins and I've got invalid credentials could
not log you in if I enter let's say invalid email and a valid or invalid password doesn't matter because
the e-mail doesn't exist.
I also get an error.
So this looks good to me as soon as I answer valid data here I am redirected and I would say we got
log in down therefore we might be able to refactor some code though because we get a lot of code duplication
here.
We're sending our request here and here and all this state management here really is duplicated now
for the moment.
I'll leave it like this because the problem becomes clearer as soon as we also start sending requests
on a different page which I'll do now.
I now also want to send the request here on the user's page because there we need a list of users and
therefore for now it's time to fetch such a list of users their.